[Applause]
welcome to Jimmy Kimmel Live I am your
guest host for the night free Lars
Jimmy couldn't be here tonight
he is recovering at home and Jimmy if
you're watching we're thinking of you
and we wish you the best of luck with
your new butt implants but actually
Jimmy had a big primetime special with
Norman Lear tonight so he asked me to
fill in he told me to make myself at
home so I went to his office took off my
bra and drunk ordered a bunch of quilts
on Etsy you know this is actually an
interesting place to come into work
right outside that door is the Hollywood
Walk of Fame which is overflowing with
tourists and people dressed to
superheroes today I got to see what
Captain Marvel would look like as a
chain-smoking old man in a wig and it's
still kind of hot Joye 19 has been a
pretty big year for me
please Captain Marvel and Avengers
endgame my films have grossed almost 4
billion dollars this year and tonight I
am getting 800 bucks in a plate of
hummus yeah it was a huge honor to be
the first woman to ever headline her own
Marvel movie to break that you know
there are so many other great female
superheroes like Wonder Woman Black
Widow Nancy Pelosi right that's right
that is right so you know I'm just
curious who's your favorite female
superhero Wonder Woman oh okay
is it cuz I didn't say hi when I walked
out or that that's white yeah yeah they
reminds me but then I went towards the
clapping hands I'm sorry alright you
know I've actually never had a sidekick
before what is it that you do exactly
almost nothing cool yeah you have my
dream job
so we're gonna have fun tonight they let
me pick my own guests and I pick some
really good ones
he is my co-star in the upcoming film
just mercy be great Jamie Foxx's
so many things is a triple-threat he can
act
he can sing and he can look 35 for the
last 20 years and from one of my
favorite all-time shows 90 day fiancé
I am totally obsessed with her Molly
Hopkins is here about anything and I
want an Oscar before we get to all of
that I would like to address the big
story of the day
I've always been someone who speaks out
about important issues and while you may
not agree with what I'm about to say I
feel it must be said because as you know
this is a major moment in American
history this is something there is
something happening right now in this
country that is dividing us like never
before and that is the movie cats yeah
it's coming out in the two days and I
don't believe that we as a nation are
fully prepared this movie is going to
shake us to our core I mean look at this
tonight is a magical night
where I choose the cat that deserves a
new life that is insane and I was in a
movie with the talking rock ooh this
movie looks like if you had a like a
dream you would have if you smoked meth
in a Petco and I know that I'm gonna
love every second of it because I have
always been a sucker for movies based on
musicals based on poems based on house
bets this is really big you know this is
the year we will finally get the chance
to sit in a dark room with strangers and
watch Sir Ian McKellen poop in a box I
just wonder like how did this project
even come to be I can just imagine some
executive thought cats they're adorable
but you know what they're missing boobs
weird cat boobs but the most important
question is how the hell am I not in
this movie I really asked literally
everyone else in Hollywood Taylor Swift
Idris Elba Jason fricking Derulo I mean
I want in I will do whatever it takes
I'll slurp milk from a bowl
I'll get stuck on top of a fridge I'll
put a dead bird in your slipper I will
have babies under your porch
look we have 48 hours to get me in this
movie and I'm not gonna rest until I'm
in a damn leotard chasing a laser
pointer with Dame Judi Dench
[Applause]
yeah I know yeah the president just got
impeached so anyway but of all the night
severe you know that happens poor Jimmy
he's been talking about this for I don't
know like 70 years and I guess shows for
one night and boom presidents impeach
[Applause]
okay anyway who wants to watch a dumb
YouTube video okay so the guy you're
about to see somehow got a frog in his
car while he was driving down the
highway and instead of pulling over he
started filming it on his iPhone which
gave us a new edition of this week in
Florida
[Music]
No
[Applause]
[Laughter]
Venus are you all in the holiday spirit
yet don't always go great for me a few
years ago I actually got my appendix
taken out on Christmas Day yeah for real
and then I read gifted it I just wrapped
it up and gave it to my uncle Russ one
of the best parts of the holidays is the
music there are thousands of Christmas
songs and that is great but they also
leave a lot of people out and I just
don't like anyone to feel excluded so I
hired a kids choir to perform a holiday
song that has a little something for
everyone do you want to hear it non
nondenominational merriment choir
[Music]
[Applause]
time of year so let your mind aura and
hitch up your sleigh let's see Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas
let's gather around the tree girag Wanda
Wanda you can wear your dashiki lord
sonica shine so bright and it's New
Years happy new year
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
oh there's also punch up on a party boat
he did Krampus not only super dusty so
he is Nutella so listen Victor and
[Music]
[Applause]
oh that's good and one more festive item
there is a very cool new holiday product
I've been working on this is not your
typical celebrity endorsement thing this
is something that I invented something
I've been developing for a long time and
I'm thrilled to debut it here tonight
the Elf on a shelf
a timeless Yuletide tradition that keeps
kids on their best behavior before
Christmas but there's never been a
holiday helper to keep grown-ups in line
until now I got my eye on you introduce
things breathe in a tree bring a tree
reduces holiday anxiety by saying all
the things you wish you could straighten
up asshat like on Christmas morning
popcorn my favorite hey hey yeah you
know you dig popcorn as a gift this
woman squeezed out an 8 pound kid for
you and you bought her snack if you're
not back here in one hour with jewelry
and a masseuse that tin is going
straight up your ass I said go or take
three in a tree to your office party Hey
look we're under the mistletoe
you know back to your cubicle Jerry
sorry thanks girl
[Music]
we will even keep an eye on your cheap
friends and neighbors hey are you
seriously trying to leave this party
with the bottle of wine that you brought
drop the Pinot you get back here Dean is
freakishly strong and will also put a
stop to unwanted carolers ugly-sweater
parties families who wear matching
pajamas find someone's kid at drum Frank
adults on Santa's lap those stupid
reindeer antlers for the car and much
more it's the season of giving you tacky
bastards this year
keep your naughty list in check with
three in a tree it's time for you to cut
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make most to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do